Docs/update user docs (#264)
secvisogram/secvisogram: docs/user/document/tracking/initial_release_date-usage.en.md

# Initial Release Date - Usage

The date when the first version of the document was published.
In pre-release versions the planned publication date is used.

The value should not be older than the `date` of the oldest item in Revision History (`/document/tracking/revision_history`).

> Typically, this is identical to the oldest element in the revision history, version 1.

Reviewer: Change wording to include semantic versioning

Reviewer: see comment

> The value of initial release date does not change after publication of that first version anymore.

Reviewer: Please rephrase, anymore seems to me in the wrong plase.

In pre-release versions the planned publication date is used.

The value should not be older than the `date` of the oldest item in Revision History (`/document/tracking/revision_history`).
Typically, this is identical to the oldest element in the revision history.

> That is, `1` in case of integer versioning respectively `1.0.0` in case of semantic versioning.

Reviewer: It still took me a moment to understand what you wanted to say. Let me try something:
```suggestion
For published documents, the oldest item has the `number` value of `1` in case of integer versioning respectively `1.0.0` in case of semantic versioning.
```
If you come up with better language - feel free

Author: I tried to simplify a little more
